In this chapter I learned how to
install Python on My local machine Lenovo ThinkPad X1 carbon
running Kali linux, I also learned how to install a text editor
But I use Pycharm text editor. I also learned how to check
if python is installed on my kali linux machine.

TO HELP YOU GET STARTED TOO PLEASE FOLLOW THIS STEPS:
1. PYTHON VERSION:
        Python differ slightly on different OS, so we need
        to check its version before installing it on our local
        machine:
            a: in linux:
                To see if python is installed with a latest
                version on your linux machine, run the following
                command on your terminal.

                python --version

                if it is installed your should see something like this
                Python 3.11.4

                this indicates the version of python you're currently using
                and in my case it was version 3.11.4. Keep in mind that it may
                be different to your version as programming languages merges
                every day.

                But also you may need to specify the version of python that you
                want to confirm, for instance if i could want to see the python version 2
                in my kali linux(linux in general) I could simply run the command bellow

                python2 --version

                and the result will be something like this:
                Python 2.7.18 Indicating that I have python2 of 2.7.18 version

                But als you may just open your terminal and run this command:
                python3
                if it will generate a python prompt like this:

                [Python 3.11.4 (main, Jun  7 2023, 10:13:09) [GCC 12.2.0] on linux
                Type "help", "copyright", "credits" or "license" for more information.
                >>> ] "without square brackets" The python is installed on your system.

                To exit, type: exit()

            b: in Window:
                First, check whether Python is installed on your system. Open a command
                window by entering command into the Start menu or by holding down the
                shift key while right-clicking on your desktop and selecting Open com-
                mand window here from the menu. In the terminal window, enter python in
                lowercase. If you get a Python prompt (>>>) in response, Python is installed
                on your system. If you see an error message telling you that python is not a
                recognized command, Python isn’t installed.

                Run python from terminal session:

                C:\> python
                    Python 3.7.2 (v3.7.2:9a3ffc0492, Dec 23 2018, 23:09:28) [MSC v.1916 64 bit
                    (AMD64)] on win32
                    Type "help", "copyright", "credits" or "license" for more information.
                    >>>

                    To exit type:

                    exit()
                    you can read a README.md File for better information.

2: PYTHON INSTALLATION:
    if python is not installed on your machine you need to follow the steps outlined on the README.md file
    so that you get a correct procedures based on your Operating System.

3: TEXT EDITOR INSTALLATION:
    Install a text editor as well, You may choose one of your favorite but to me it is pycharm. to install it
    just read a README.md File to see how you can install it.

4: FINAL TOUCHES:
    Now if everything is okay, open your text editor create a file ending with .py extension and write the
    following on it.

      print("Hello World")

      in Pycharm Press Shift + F10 to see the output on the pycharm console.
      to me it was something like this:

            /usr/bin/python3.11 /home/perfect/PycharmProjects/JanMarPython2024/PythonCrashCourse/Chapter: 1/hello_world.py
            Hello World

            Process finished with exit code 0

            Focus on the output on your text :"Hello World"

